LabReport1.md, before:

# Lab Report 1
## Share an example of using the command with no arguments.
  1. cd
      ![Image](cdwithnoarg.png)
     
     `cd`
     
      Absolute path: /Users/wenxili/Desktop/UCSD/CSE 15L
     
      The command cd with no argument means bring me to the home directory so after I executed cd with no arg the absolute path become /Users/wenxili
     
      The output is not an error.

  2.
## Share an example of using the command with a path to a directory as an argument.
  1. cd
      ![Image](cdtoadirct.png)
     
      `cd Commandcd`
     
      Absolute path: /Users/wenxili/Desktop/UCSD/CSE 15L
     
      There is a folder named Commandcd within the folder CSE 15L. The command brings me into the file I specified (Commandcd) as after I executed cd the absolute path become /Users/wenxili/Desktop/UCSD/CSE 15L/Commandcd
     
      The output is not an error.
     

## Share an example of using the command with a path to a file as an argument.
  1. cd
     ![Image](cdtoafile.png)
     
     `cd Commandcd/cdtoadirct.png`
     
     Absolute path: /Users/wenxili/Desktop/UCSD/CSE 15L
     
     There is a folder Commandcd inside the folder CSE 15L and there is a file named cdtoadirct.png inside Cammmandcd. The command produces an error since cd wants to get into a folder but cdtoadirct.png is an actual file.
     
     The output is an error since cd need to be into a directory, cannot directly open a file.
     
  3.

Commit message:

Update LabReport1.md with ls

LabReport1.md, after:

# Lab Report 1
## Share an example of using the command with no arguments.
  1. cd
      ![Image](cdwithnoarg.png)
     
     `cd`
     
      Absolute path: /Users/wenxili/Desktop/UCSD/CSE 15L
     
      The command cd with no argument means bring me to the home directory so after I executed cd with no arg the absolute path become /Users/wenxili
     
      The output is not an error.

  2.ls
      ![Image](lsnoarg.png)
     
     `ls`  
     
      Absolute path: /Users/wenxili/Desktop/UCSD/CSE 15L
     
      The command ls with no argument shows all files in the current directory. I have three folders in CSE 15L: Commandcat Commanded Commandls. Therefore ls shows these three folders.
     
      The output is not an error.
## Share an example of using the command with a path to a directory as an argument.
  1. cd
      ![Image](cdtoadirct.png)
     
      `cd Commandcd`
     
      Absolute path: /Users/wenxili/Desktop/UCSD/CSE 15L
     
      There is a folder named Commandcd within the folder CSE 15L. The command brings me into the file I specified (Commandcd) as after I executed cd the absolute path become /Users/wenxili/Desktop/UCSD/CSE 15L/Commandcd
     
      The output is not an error.
  2.ls
      ![Image](lsdirectory.png)
     
     `ls Commandls`  
     
      Absolute path: /Users/wenxili/Desktop/UCSD/CSE 15L
     
      There is a folder named Commandls within the folder CSE 15L. The command shows all files in the folder I specified (Commandls), when I execute the command there is one png (lsnoarg) inside the folder Commandls therefore the ouput is lsnoarg.
     
      The output is not an error.
     

## Share an example of using the command with a path to a file as an argument.
  1. cd
     ![Image](cdtoafile.png)
     
     `cd Commandcd/cdtoadirct.png`
     
     Absolute path: /Users/wenxili/Desktop/UCSD/CSE 15L
     
     There is a folder Commandcd inside the folder CSE 15L and there is a file named cdtoadirct.png inside Cammmandcd. The command produces an error since cd wants to get into a folder but cdtoadirct.png is an actual file.
     
     The output is an error since cd need to be into a directory, cannot directly open a file.

  2.ls
      ![Image](lsfile.png)  
      `cd Commandcd/cdtoadirct.png`  
      
     Absolute path: /Users/wenxili/Desktop/UCSD/CSE 15L
     
     There is a folder Commandls inside the folder CSE 15L and there is a file named cdtoadirct.png inside Cammmandls. The command read the directory file and the file name is listed.
     
     The output is not an error.
